this is the Indonesian Hospital in
Northern
Gaza it's just reopened after intense
Israeli bombardment and occupation of
its
grounds now it's the only functioning
Hospital in the area for nearly 650,000
Palestinians the hospital resumed
operation on the 1st of June following
the withdrawal of the Israeli Army from
jabalia the area's main hospital alifa
was totally destroyed by the Israeli
Army and with the sharp shortage of
medical supplies let alone the medical
staff we're doing our best to serve our
people but the worst is the severe fuel
shortage since we restored our service
in June we have not received a single
liter of fuel we cannot operate the icus
or operation rooms the solar panels are
covering only 4 hours of daily
operations which is not
sufficient doctors in Gaza report that
many operations cannot be performed
without adequate medical supplies
equipment and Personnel some patients
don't get the treatment they need others
are forced to have procedures they
wouldn't have
otherwise Amia is 7 years old he was hit
in an air strike in Northern
Gaza an Israeli drone fired a number of
missiles on us in a school shelter my
father was killed and I was injured I
was taken to hospital for treatment but
my leg was s Ed I hope I can have an
artificial limb to be able to walk and
play again before his injury amir's
mother says he was very active helping
around the house and with his brothers
and sisters since he has become
withdrawn she says his leg could have
been saved if they'd got the medical
care they needed in
time paramedics were not able to reach
the school building and as a result my
husband bled to death and amir's leg was
lost he remained in a coma for days and
almost lost his life his brother air has
metal plates fixed in his
arms Israeli air strikes are killing and
injuring Palestinians in Gaza but with
more than 2third of hospitals out of
service and with the blockade of Aid
including medical supplies and fuel the
destruction of the healthcare system is
causing even more people to suffer and
even lose their lives imin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer